Learn from the mistakes of others. You can't live long enough to make them all your self.,Eleanor Roosevelt
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.,William Arthur Ward
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.,Soren Kierkegaard
God doesn't require us to succeed; he only requires that you try.,Mother Teresa
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.,Thomas A. Edison
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.,Albert Einstein
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.,George Bernard Shaw
It is not what we get. But who we become; what we contribute that gives meaning to our lives.,Anthony Robbins
The purpose of life is a life of purpose.,Robert Byrne
To live is to climb the Andes; the more one climbs; the steeper become the precipices.,Eucenio Maria De Hostos
You can't get away from yourself by moving from one place to another.,Ernest Hemingway
The greatest mistake you can make in life is be continually fearing you will make one.,Elbert Hubbard
The most important thing to enjoy your life -to be happy- it's all that matters.,Audrey Hepburn
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.,Benjamin Franklin
What do you want meaning for? Life is desire; not meaning., Charlie Chaplin
The snake which cannot cast its skin has to die. As well the minds which are prevented from changing their opinions; they cease to be mind.,Friedrich Nietzsche
For one swallow does not make asummer; nor does one day; and so too one day; or a short time; does not make a man blessed and happy.,Aristotle
Man lives freely only by his readiness to die.,Mahatma Gandhi
Love the life you live. Live the life you love.,Bob Marley
One's philosophy is not best expressed in words; it is expressed in the choices one makes and the choices we make are ultimately our responsibility.,Eleanor Roosevelt
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.,John Lennon
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams; and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined; he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.,Henry David Thoreau
Real life is; to most men; a long second-best; a perpetual compromise between the ideal and the possible.,Bertrand Russell
Life is not fair; get used to it.,Bill Gates
Life is not complex. We are complex. Life is simple; and the simple thing is the right thing.,Oscar Wilde
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling; but in rising every time we fall.,Nelson Mandela
He is the happiest; but he king or peasant; who finds peace in his home.,Hohann Wolfgang von Goethe
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life; it goes on.,Robert Frost
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.,Ralph Waldo Emerson
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.,Albert Einstein
Where there's hope; there's life. It fills us with fresh courage and makes us strong again.,Anne Frank
To play billiards moderately well is the sign of a gentleman; to play it too well is the sign of a misspent life.,Mark Twain
Life was meant to be lived; and curiosity must be kept alive. One must never; for whatever reason; turn his back on life.,Eleanor Roosevelt
Take a chance! All Life is a chance. The Man who goes the farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.,Dale Carnegie
I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who conquers his enemies; for the hardest victory is over self.,Aristotle
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracke. The other is as though everything is a miracle.,Albert Einstein
Success is most often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.,Coco Chanel
Life is an exciting business and most exciting when it is lived for others.,Helen Keller
A successful man cannot realize how hard an unsuccessful man finds life.,E.W.Howe
Life shouldn't be printed on dollar bills.,Clifford Odets
I can think of nothing less pleasurable than a life devoted to pleasure.,John D.Rockefeller.Jr
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.,Pablo Picasso
Some people are old at 18 and some are young at 90; time is a concept that humans created.,Ono Yoko
Between a high; solid wall and an egg that breaks against it; I will always stand on the side of the egg.,Haruki Murakami